---
layout: page
title: bio
permalink: /bio
description: 
nav: true
order: 1
---

As a child, I was fascinated by science, wanting to learn everthing there is in the world, and the school library was my happy place. Soon I developed a keen interest in biology, perhaps first by learning about evolution of species, and then reading about beautiful molecular and biochemical processes happening in living creatures. I started high school knowing that I'm going to become a biologist. There was (and still is) a yearly biology competition among high school students called Iranian Biology Olympiad (IBO), in which I was naturally intersted and took part. I spent most of my time in high school studying university biology books and learning about genetics, botany, biochemistry, molecular biology, ecology, and physiology. That was when my very first exposure to neuroscience happened. Although I didn't succeed in IBO (was a semi-finalist), it really changed my life. After that, I was more determined to become a scientist, and it unlocked a new world for me, in which I believed I can learn anything I want without getting much external help.

After high school, I entered medical school specifically to become a scientist in either neuroscience or genetics. It didn't take too much time for me to realize that I'm actually more fascinated by neuroscience than genetics. At the time, I read in Nature about a group of medical students in Iran who had gathered together and formed a cognitive neuroscience research group [<a href="https://www.nature.com/articles/435264a">ref</a>]. I was really inspired by them, and was determined to follow in their footsteps. I contacted one of these medical students, Dr. Roozbeh Kiani, who was then a university professor in NYU, and asked him for guidance, which he generously provided. I started by studying Bear's "Neuroscience: Exploring the Brain", and also read some chapters from Kandel's "Principles of Neural Science". Down the way, I was introduced to the field of computational neuroscience, by the book "From Computer to Brain: Foundations of Computational Neuroscience", and realized that I can better understand the brain in this context. Thereafter, I learned a variety of mathematical and computational skills, in addition to Python programming, using different books and online courses, which was a challenging, yet rewarding experience, reminiscent of the times I was studying for biology olympiad. Sadly, upon entering the more difficult clinical years of medical school my progress in computational neuroscience slowed down. However, during the clinical years, I studied statistics in depth, and specially gained a high level of confidence in systematic reviews and meta-analyses, which came in handy later.

Just before graduating from medical school, I wasn't as busy as before, and at the same time was lucky enough to participate in the 5th Iranian Human Brain Mapping Congress, where I met my current supervisor Dr. Masoud Tahmasian, and realized that neuroimaging offers everything that I'm looking for, at the intersection of my interests in mathematics and computational techniques, neuroscience, technology, and doing clinically useful research. Soon I started my first neuroimaging research project, which building up on my skills in systematic reviews and meta-analyses, was a coordinate-based neuroimaging meta-analysis on late-life depression. This project was a great introduction to neuroimaging, as I had to read neuroimaging papers using different imaging methods and learn about them. Now, I'm happy to be involved in many interesting neuroimaging projects, and I'm looking forward to the future, where I can pursue my dream career as an academic in the fields of neuroimaging and computational neuroscience.